Princess Sofia and Princess amber
were in the palace gardens waiting for
the Queen
it was a lovely day and the princess is
wanted to ride on their Hello Kitty
trains all around the gardens okay said
the Queen but don't go too far the
princesses ran off and returned on their
trains when they reached the end of the
gardens princess Sofia noticed a section
of track leading to a tunnel
I've never seen that before she said
let's explore no said Princess amber
we shouldn't but it was too late
Princess Sofia was already on her way
on the other side they saw a world they
had never seen before and started
exploring this new land
you
I think we should go back now said
Princess amber
but they couldn't find the tunnel we've
been on this bridge before said Princess
amber
we're lost and there's nobody to ask
directions just then a blue bird landed
on the rocks by the lake
excuse me blue GERD sim princess Sofia
who had the power to talk to animals we
lost and can't find our way back to the
tunnel can you help us the blue road
flew high up in the sky look down on the
track to see the way and then flew down
and landed on the front of princess
Sofia's train this way said the Bluebird
and the princesses followed
we're
when they reach the tunnel the Bluebird
said goodbye to the princesses and flew
away from the Train the princesses went
back through the tunnel into the palace
gardens that was a great adventure said
Princess Sofia to Princess amber but
it's good to be home
thank you for watching our story to see
more click on any of these clips and if
you haven't subscribed already why not
do so now see you soon
you